Qin is here too
I thought I heard someone talking nonsense just now.
Mrs. Five Seconds
Who is it?
It was you
Dare to come to Qinye
He is the bridge.
How can you be insulted three times?
You and I must not let him go today
I thought it was three heads and six arms
Now it seems that he is just an ordinary person
Ah, I'm really not that great
Just a little bit better than you
Be bold, even if you insult me
How dare you insult Master Qin?
Are you saying that Master Qin is not even as good as you?
It was outrageous.
How dare you be so arrogant in front of Master Qin
Take the needle and take him off for me
Anyway, Master Qin dares to humiliate you in public
I will teach you a good lesson.
Where did your confidence come from?
How dare you talk to me like that
Is it because of Chen Tianshi?
You can be lawless
I have never relied on anyone.
I'm here today to tell you that
What I said is true.
After this dinner is over today
Nature will understand
Why wait
Qin Ye, you are the plot of the south
The big guy in the antique world
It should be fine to wait for a while, right?
Qin Ye, don't talk to him
Just kill it
Not bad in this life
But not for you.
That's to give Chen Angel the look
After 12 o'clock
If you can't come up with something convincing enough to convince me
Who is it, you are dead